and I wonder how it's going to go for
them I really do all right here comes a
Somerville Green Wave 59th season for
coach Jon McKissack as head coach of
Somerville 576 wins it's just
unimaginable to think that he's 24 wins
maybe just two seasons away from that
600 win Plateau Saunders waiting for the
ball
once again Henderson up the middle and
he may be gone he is gone touchdown for
the Somerville Green Wave
that's the Angelo Henderson's first
touchdown of the year and Somerville
gets on the board seven to nothing moody
in the shotgun once again keeps the ball
thanks to Brantley and that's a
touchdown for the Conway Tigers makes it
a 7 to 6 ballgame the quarterback keeper
they fake to Brantley great play simple
to see if they can take the lead in this
ballgame
moody with the fake handoff runs low
play they get this tackle Wow and
another score by the Conway Tigers the
Conway Tigers take a 13 to 7 lead in
this ball game
Saunders once again the familiar shotgun
fakes the pass to the left-hand side
throws over the middle and perfectly
thrown to number 11 that's Chris
Williams as we said out all year long
with the injury to broken leg and making
an impact in his first game this year
math was never my strong suit Hunter's
pitches kind of the reverse fantast up
down for the summer vote Green Wave kind
of a trick play right there but junior
leach gets the pitch on the kind of
reverse would you call that a reverse
and a touchdown definitely and he hasn't
turned over the football no so that's a
key so you don't read a great defense
and they were playing well still be
tough to stuff all right crowd getting
into it third and three and they hand it
off to no quarterback keeps it that's
moody almost handed it off to Brantley
but good thing he didn't cause moody is
in for the touchdown I think the defense
was fooled con as I was I thought
Brantley was going to end up with it but
moody with another touchdown on the
night
Saunders winning for the football has it
another pass another bomb another jump
ball
and the summer ol sidelines that has it
anytime wow what do we know what a great
pitch as was that junior leach I believe
that's football what a great kick the
clock stopped while they moved the
change Saunders with the football is
going to throw the football again throws
it all the way down the field is wide
Oakland is crisp Williams you could have
caught that ball and we have eyes open
and we have a flag Henderson in motion
Saunders passes to Henderson he cuts
left across the field it is still
running Wow across the 40 to the pivot
that is exactly what he was doing a good
job getting right here I mean just in
motion catches it and then immediately
cuts all the way across the field and
the smart move getting out of bounds
stopping play clock at 31 so summer
villa at the 36 yard line yeah I said
design play you'll see Henderson lining
up in the slot as soon as the ball
snapped he takes off down the sideline
don't and Sunday looks am off second and
goal to go from the three yard line that
during the wishbone under Center don't
see them under center very often outside
goes to Angelo Henderson he jumps into
the end zone and it's a touchdown and we
have a tie football game right now with
741 left in the third quarter and they
have a chance to take the lead crowd
getting into it on the Somerville side
Nelson has the ball and he's going to
throw it roads of right-hand side
perfect pass number 43 catches it in
stride that's Rory Howard and Conway now
has the lead again looks pretty
comfortable there he looks very
comfortable the pulse he's rolling and
photographers did this I'm telling you
just takes the ball simple handoff right
up the middle breaks breaks right and
there he goes let him do the rest you
got to put the ball and you playmakers
hands and there he is
and makes a bunch of them that's simply
your offensive line just making holes
and then scoreboard says first and goal
from the 3 yard line
uh-oh Saunders under Center gives it to
hit Orton and Henderson scores there we
go
check out this replay I mean he it's
almost like you knew the play call it
does he flew right off the ball
quarterback tried to get outside and
there's roughly
Robert Nelson gets the ball fakes the
handoff rolls to his left throws across
his body
Oh intercepted isn't intercepted by
number 7 for Somerville that's Matthew
white first down goal to go from the
one-yard line
quarterback sneak Saunders is in
Somerville is on the scoreboard once
again for December ville adds more
points take a look at this again I mean
wow it's again just no-brainer hey
simple handoff and let him do the work
offensive line did their job and let the
playmakers make the place I mean he's
got us well over a hundred yards so
absolute balls on the two yard line
this time it is Henderson he goes
untouched and that's all about your
offensive line right there a Mack truck
had gone through there I could have
walked through there
five on the play clock Henderson gets it
right hand side once again I'm making
moves and picking up a ton of yard
ladies and gentlemen that's another
Somerville Green Wave touchdown man
broke a couple of tackles and let's take
another look at that tremendous play
unbelievable just just a simple handoff
and there he goes he I mean speed the
moves got it all and once again once he
gets past the D line so once his
offensive line opens the holes I mean
it's hard to stop him in the secondary
just can't just can't wrap him on